feat: add title and description to the frontmatter of mdx docs (#154)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/bitbucket.mdx

---
title: Bitbucket

> description: Learn how to setup social connection with Bitbucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up social connection with Bitbucket.
```

---

# Bitbucket

How to set up social connection with Bitbucket

## Overview

> Adding social connection with Bitbucket to your app with Clerk is simple - you will need to populate the **Client ID**, **Client Secret** and **Authorized redirect URI** in your instance settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding social connection with Bitbucket to your app with Clerk is done in a few steps - you will need to populate the **Client ID**, **Client Secret** and **Authorized redirect URI** in your instance settings.
```
